Call notes updates - updated documentation - SKI (#21)
focusate/documentation-user: discuss/customizations/mail_activity_note.rst

.. image:: media/note_activity_done_chatter.png
    :align: center

.. note::

>     Please note, that outcome and goal values can be translated - multilanguage is added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please note, that outcome and goal values can be translated - multi-language support is added.
```

Phones of the contact 
======================

When a contact is selected in the Note activity, phone and mobile phone is 
displayed below the contact:

.. image:: media/note_activity_phone.png
    :align: center

> In the case the contact has no any phone entered, a message *Please 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case the contact has no phone entered, a message *Please 
```
